Cryptocurrency: Homework Submission Policies
============================================

[Go up to the CCC UVA page](index.html) ([md](index.md))


### Honor System

The honor system is in effect for all written assignments; details can
be found in the [course syllabus](syllabus.html) ([md](syllabus.md))


### Submission

Submission is through the [online submission system](https://libra.cs.virginia.edu/~pedagogy/submit.php).  Note that the assignment will not open up until a few days before the due date.


### Collaboration

Unless otherwise specified, it is not allowed.  We encourage you to
discuss the problems and your *general* approach with other students in
the class. However, the answers you turn in must be your own original
work, and you are bound by UVA's honor policy.

For programming assignments, you may not look at any other student's
code for ANY reason, period.  Not to debug, not to help, not to learn.
You may not let another student look at *your* code for any reason.
Needless to say, you cannot copy code from online sources unless the
assignment specifically allows it (and in those cases, you must cite
your source).  See [the syllabus](../uva/syllabus.html)
([md](../uva/syllabus.md)) for more details.

### Lateness

Unless otherwise noted, all submissions are due by the end of the day
of the due date given -- this means by 11:59:59 pm.

Any late assignment is docked 25% per day late, rounded up.  So an
assignment that is 1 second late to 24 hours late will its score
reduced by 25% (i.e., multiplied by 0.75); 24 hours and 1 second to 48
hours has the score reduced by 50%, and so on.  This means that after
3 days (72 hours) late, it will receive a zero.  The submission
server's clock is set to the [US Navy Atomic clock](https://time.gov).


### Fluff

We don't like fluff!  This mostly applies to the written homeworks,
but could certainly apply to the programming homeworks as well in the
comments.  Fluff is when you add lots of extra verbiage to pad out a
written assignment to make it look longer, or to try to get certain
keywords in because you think it will help with the grading.  Trust
us, it won't -- we don't scan for keywords.  We read the entire
assignment.  If it's too long, or it's full of fluff, then we will get
cranky and give you a zero.  We are looking for quality over quantity.
Thus, there is no particular required length.  And don't do any of
that silly formatting with fonts or margins to make it look longer,
either.  We were all college students once, and we know all those
tricks too...


### Essays

Some written assignments will be essays.  These will have a
***strict*** word limit, such as 500 words.  Each assignment will
specify the word limit for that assignment (if it applies).  500 words
is about 1 page worth of content.  Note that your name and title (if
any) do not count toward the word limit.  References, if you use any,
also do not count against this limit.  ***If it is over the word
limit, then we will not grade it and give you a zero!***

While we are not grading you based on your English writing skills, it
still has to be reasonablly good English grammar (and spelling).
Unless otherwise stated, it needs to be prose, not bulleted lists or
similar.


### Grammar and spelling

While this is not an English course, you have to have well English in
your document -- both spelling and grammar.  If you can't figure out
what that sqiggly red line under a mis-spelled word means, then we are
going to get all cranky when grading it.


### Submission format

All written homeworks must be submitted as a PDF.  This is an upper
level elective for comptuer science majors, so if you don't submit it
as a PDF, we won't grade it.  The PDF has to be a reasonable file size
for the submission system to accept it -- since there aren't likely to
be images in the document, that shouldn't be a problem.
